ui-materialui: Add support for `<Edit emptyWhileLoading>` (#10230)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/EditTutorial.md

import { Edit, SimpleForm, TextInput, SelectInput } from "react-admin";

export const BookEdit = () => (

>   <Edit emptyWhileLoading>

Reviewer: I think you should revert the changes in this file. We don't need to introduce this prop, which is for corner case, in a general presentation of the Edit logic.

React-admin components are not magic, they are React components designed to let you focus on the business logic and avoid repetitive tasks. 

**Tip:** Actually, `<Edit>` does more than the code it replaces in the previous example: it handles notification and redirection upon submission, it sets the page title, and handles the error logic.

> **Tip**: With `emptyWhileLoading` turned on, the `<Edit>` component doesn't render its child component until the record is available. Without this flag, the Field components would render even during the loading phase, and may break if they aren't planned to work with an empty record context.

Author: ```suggestion
**Tip**: With `emptyWhileLoading` turned on, the `<Edit>` component doesn't render its `aside`, `actions` and `title` components until the record is available. Without this flag, the Field components would render even during the loading phase, and may break if they aren't planned to work with an empty record context.
```

> **Tip**: With `emptyWhileLoading` turned on, the `<Edit>` component doesn't render its `aside`, `actions` and `title` components until the record is available. Without this flag, those components would render even during the loading phase, and may break if they aren't planned to work with an empty record context.

Reviewer: This is advanced configuration and we shouldn't mention it in the EditTutorial, which is a general introduction.
